Update product-overview.md (#669)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/catalog/products-overview.md

- [Modifier options](#modifier-options)
- [Complex rules](#complex-rules)
- [Categories](#categories)
- [Resources](#resources)

</div>

The Catalog refers to a store's collection of physical and digital products. The Catalog includes all the information about a product such as MPN, warranty, price, and images.

## [OAuth scopes](/api-docs/getting-started/authentication#authentication_oauth-scopes)

| UI Name  | Permission | Parameter                     |
|----------|------------|-------------------------------|
| Products | modify     | `store_v2_products`           |
| Products | read-only  | `store_v2_products_read_only` |

For more information on OAuth Scopes and authentication, see [Authentication](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/getting-started/authentication).

## Products overview

[Products](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/products/getproducts) are the primary catalog entity, and the primary function of the eCommerce platform is to sell products on the storefront and other channels.

Products can be physical or digital:
* **Physical** - exist in a physical form, have a weight, and are sold by merchants to ship to customers.

> * **Digital** - Non-physical products, including downloadable files such as computer software, ebooks, music, images, and other media; and services such as haircuts, consulting, or lawn care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Digital** - Non-physical products, including downloadable files (for example, computer software, ebooks, or music) and services (for example, haircuts, consulting, or lawn care).

```

<!-- theme:  -->

### Note
> * Only one product can be created at a time.

</div>
</div>
</div>

### Creating a product

> Below is an example POST request for creating a simple product without options, modifiers, or variants:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example `POST` request for creating a simple product without options, modifiers, or variants:

```

> Below is an example POST request for creating a simple product without options, modifiers, or variants:

Author: ```suggestion
Below is an example `POST` request for creating a simple product without options, modifiers, or variants.

```

<!-- theme:  -->

### Note

> > * Custom field values are limited to **250** characters.

Reviewer: I do not think we need to use bullet points here. 
```suggestion
> Custom field values are limited to **250** characters.

```

> > * See [Custom Fields](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Custom-Fields) in the BigCommerce Help Center for additional information on custom fields and their use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For additional information on custom fields and their use-cases, see [Custom Fields](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Custom-Fields).

```

> For general information and use cases for product bulk pricing, see [Bulk Pricing](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Bulk-Pricing) in the BigCommerce Help Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general information and use cases for product bulk pricing, see [Bulk Pricing](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Bulk-Pricing).

```

## Adding product metafields

> [Metafields](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-metafields/createproductmetafield) are key and value pairs intended for programmatically storing data against a product or other entity. Data stored in metafields does not appear in the storefront or the control panel. Data not appearing in the storefront or control panel is useful when information needs to be passed back and forth between an app and BigCommerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Metafields](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-metafields/createproductmetafield) are key-value pairs intended for programmatically storing data against a product or other entity. Data stored in metafields does not appear in the storefront or the control panel. Data not appearing in the storefront or control panel is useful when information needs to be passed back and forth between an app and BigCommerce.

```

<div class="HubBlock-content">

### Note
> * You cannot create reviews in the control panel.

</div>
</div>
</div>

## Creating brands

> To create a [Brand](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/brands/getbrands), `POST` to `/v3/catalog/brands`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a [Brand](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/brands/getbrands), send a `POST` request to `/v3/catalog/brands`:

```

> For general information on brands and their use cases, see [Managing Brands](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Managing-Brands) in the BigCommerce Help Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general information on brands and their use cases, see [Managing Brands](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Managing-Brands).

```

## Variant options

[Variant options](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-variants/getvariantsbyproductid) are any choices that the shopper needs to make that will result in selecting a variant. Color and size are typical examples of variant options.  A t-shirt can have different combinations of sizes and colors.

Example:
* Color is a variant option; red, orange, and green are variant option values.
* Size is a variant option; small, medium, and large are variant option values.

> This example results in selecting a combination of small & red on the storefront and correlates to a product variation, also called a SKU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example results in selecting a combination of small and red on the storefront and correlates to a product variation, also called a SKU.

```

[![Open in Request Runner](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/Open-Request-Runner.svg)](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-options/createoption#requestrunner)

## Variant
[Variants](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-variants/getvariantsbyproductid) represent an item as it sits on the shelf in the warehouse or a particular saleable product. A product might be a t-shirt, while the variant would be “a small, red t-shirt.” Shoppers select variants on the storefront via product options. In the case where a product is simple, meaning it does not have any options, the product is its own variant - called a base variant. Everything you can buy should be a variant.

* Options build out variants.
* Variants are usually what you track inventory against.
* Can have their own price, weight, dimensions, image, etc. - or they can inherit these values from the product if you have not specified them.

> * Must have a SKU code (unless they’re a base variant).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Must have a SKU code (unless they are a base variant).

```

> * In non-base variants, variants will relate to a particular combination of variant option values - such as “small” and “red.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In non-base variants, variants will relate to a particular combination of variant option values - such as “small” and “red”.

```

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--warning">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

<!-- theme: warning -->

### V2 SKU rules will override variant pricing

> > Creating SKU rules via the V2 API or via CSV import will alter or override any variant price or sale price added to a product via the Control Panel, V3 API, or Price Lists UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Creating SKU rules via the V2 API or via CSV import will alter or override any variant price or sale price added to a product via the control panel, V3 API, or Price Lists UI.

```

| T-Shirt | Blue<br>-<br> Small<br> Medium<br> Large| SM-BLU<br> SM-MED <br> SM-LARG
| Backpack | Black<br>Yellow<br>-<br>2L <br> 3L<br> 8L |BLACK-2L<br>BLACK-3L<br>BLACK 8L<br>-<br>YELLOW-2L<br>YELLOW-3L<br>YELLOW-8L|

## Create a variant
You can create variants in two ways:

> * From existing variant options using the variant options endpoint. [v3/catalog/products/{product_id}/options](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-variants/createvariant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From existing variant options, using [Create a Product Variant](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/product-variants/createvariant) endpoint.

```

> * By adding the variants with variant options and SKUs when creating the product, see [Create a Complex Product](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/products/createproduct).

Reviewer: Should "variant options" be changed to `option_values`?

```suggestion
* By adding variants with variant options and SKUs, using [Create a Product](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/products/createproduct) endpoint.

```

### Note
> * Variants need to be created one at a time using this endpoint.
> * You can create only one variant option at a time; individual variant options will contain an array of multiple values.
> * To use a variant array and create variants in the same call as the base product, use the [/catalog/product](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/products/createproduct) endpoint during product creation.

</div>
</div>
</div>

> The `option_values` array combines the options small and blue to create the SKU SMALL-BLUE. The ID in the `option_values` array is the id from the variant option response `option_values > id`. The `option_id` is the ID of the option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `option_values` array combines the options small and blue to create the SKU SMALL-BLUE. The ID in the `option_values` array is the ID from the variant option response `option_values > id`. The `option_id` is the ID of the option.

```

}
```

### Create a variant using the product endpoint

> The following example creates a base product, variant options, and variants in a single call to the product endpoint. Use this method to create a product and variants in a single call without creating variant options first (option display will default to radio button):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a base product, variant options, and variants in a single call to the [Products](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/products/createproduct) endpoint. Use this method to create a product and variants in a single call without creating variant options first (option display will default to radio button):

```

<!-- theme:  -->

### Modifiers that support adjusters
> swatch, radio buttons, rectangle list, drop-down, product list, and product list with images

</div>
</div>
</div>

### Add a modifier with price adjuster to an existing product

The following example shows how to add a modifier and a checkbox with a price adjuster to increase the product's price by five dollars.

> Creating a checkbox with an adjuster requires two separate calls: one to create the checkbox and a second to add the adjuster. You can define adjusters within the `option_values` array, but `option_values` are not allowed in the request to create a checkbox modifier because creating a checkbox automatically generates two mandatory option values: a Yes and a No. Once you have created the checkbox along with its option values, you can update the modifier to add an adjuster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a checkbox with an adjuster requires two separate calls: one to create the checkbox and another one to add the adjuster. You can define adjusters within the `option_values` array, but `option_values` are not allowed in the request to create a checkbox modifier because creating a checkbox automatically generates two mandatory option values: a Yes and a No. Once you have created the checkbox along with its option values, you can update the modifier to add an adjuster.

```

## Categories

[Categories](/api-reference/catalog/catalog-api/category/getcategories) are a hierarchy of products available on the store, presented in a tree structure. A store's category structure determines the primary menu structure of most storefront themes directly tied to it.

> All products must be associated with at least one Category, although a Category does not need to contain any products. Unlike some e-commerce platforms, you can associate products on BigCommerce with more than one Category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All products must be associated with at least one category, although a category does not need to contain any products. Unlike some eCommerce platforms, you can associate products on BigCommerce with more than one category.

```
